AIUB Automated Food and Braverage Service:
Introduction:
In AIUB more than 70% of the students do not get proper time for their meal. [data collected from fall21-22 semester CSE department student survey. (done by section B1)]
The main motive of this project is to provide food to registered students of AIUB with minimum hassles.
The other food service systems in the campous are comparatively time consuming.
In this system regestered students can collect food with a log-in process.
If this demo project is accepted by any official of AIUB, this process could be done through quick scan of bar-code implemented in student ID card.

Process:
Firstly, Student must register to AIUB Automated Food and Braverage Service.
Secondly, registerd student can purchase any food item by granting access to booths of AIUB Automated Food and Braverage Service.
Next, registered student should use specific area allocated by the authority.
Finally, student must use wastebasket located in that specific area.

Available Food items:
Lunch items:
1. plain rice with chicken curry (60tk)
2. plain rice with fish curry (60tk)
3. chicken biriani (70tk)
4. egg fried rice with single fried chicken (80tk)
Beverage items: 
1. water (15tk)
2. soft drinks (20tk)
Breakfast items:
1. shingara (10tk)
2. cream bread (10tk)

Terms & Conditions:
1. This service is only for the students who register AIUB Automated Food & Beverage Service.
2. Registration cost is 4500tk per semester.
3. Registered person can take several meals in a day. (per meal cost will be deducted from 4500tk every time)
4. If registered person avoid a meal no cost will deduct from finaltial account.
5. Deduction will occur after taking any optional items.
6. A Registered student can spend all 4500tk. However if any balance left then that will be adjusted in the following semester.
7. If a registered student's balance is 0tk before completing the semester then, 500tk will be credited in the finaltial account.
8. After completing a semester the students need to re-register for the AIUB Automated Food & Beverage Service.
9. A registered student can not cancel registration at any random time.
10. There will be 2 slots of registration,
 a) at the begining of a semester,
 b) after the mid-terms.